
CAFE & RESTAURANT
Our best cooks will make your holiday unforgettable!
CLICK HERE!

Taste our cheeseburgers just for $4.95
Cheeseburgers are like opinions. Everyone thinks theirs is the best. Like any food, it all comes down to taste. But when it comes to winning the hearts and stomachs of any city, our restaurant is ranked at the top.









An evening at our restaurant will stick in your memory forever!
MAKE A RESERVATION

Salads that make your day!
A salad is a dish consisting of small pieces of food, which may be mixed 
with a sauce or salad dressing. Salads can incorporate a variety of foods 
including vegetables, fruits, cheese, cooked meat, eggs and grains. Garden 
salads use a base of leafy greens; they are common enough that the word salad 
alone often refers specifically to garden salads.

CLICK HERE
What about a steak?
We recommend frying your steak, although you 
can grill it if you prefer. A heavy-duty, thick-based frying 
pan, ideally with a non-stick coating, will achieve good results, 
as will a heavy griddle pan or skillet. These types of pans get really 
hot – ideal for getting that slightly sweet, charred finish to the outside of your meat.

ORDER NOW
The feeling of satisfaction and the desire to come back again won’t leave you!
Be our guest!
Choose any item on our breakfast, lunch or desert menu to take out.

We provide catering service for meetings or special occasions at your office or home. We have made it easy for you to make a catering inquiry - simply browse the catering menu on this website, add items to your order, print your order, and submit it to us right here on this website.

LEARN MORE >>
Menu
Green Goddess Soup: Celery, Leeks, Garlic, Asparagus - $5
Spicey harissa beef "Sloppy Joe" on Al's focaccia bun - $12
Ardsallagh goat's cheese salad w/ tomato + blood orange, toasted seeds + brown bread - €11
Sea Road Fishfingers: Buttermilk + panko crumb pollock w/ khol rabi + cucumber salad, garlic ranch - $12.50
Our team
	DINA STORM
	IVAN FOX
	ALEX FERRO
Sign up for our newsletter
We respect your desire for privacy and will not make your email address available to third parties.


 SIGN UP
  
CAFE AND RESTAURANT. © 2022 All Rights Reserved. Terms of use

This page can't load Google Maps correctly.
Do you own this website?	OK

This customization tool allows you to make color changes in your theme.
  